# Introduction
DAT2025-Introduction to Machine Learning Portfolio - Assignments, Projects, Notes, and Lectures

---
This class took place in the Spring Semester of 2023, January 19 to May 9. During this course, our instructor Adam Forland led the curriculum more as the head of a professional working group rather than a traditional classroom. For this reason, myself and my classmates were given the opportunity to create, examine, and experiement with a variety of projects and tools relevant to topics such as data clustering, visualization, and gradient descent. We also explored the layouts, components, and functions of neural networks such as CNNs, DNNs, evolutionary algorithms, keras, and tensorflow. All programs in this portfolio are written in Python and orignally imported from our central Jupyter Notebook data lab that we used to conduct all our research and assignments throughout the semester. Course activities will be divided into a series of folders, similar in a manner to our datalab. Lectures by our instructor will be presented in the form of organized notes I took during the session to better understand and process the information. Assignments completed as homework will be placed in their own folder of the same name. Every concept covered in each homework assignment will be discussed in-depth with a portfolio page.

---
# Acknowledgements
---
I would like to be clear that much of the contents in this portfolio are accredited to other members of the team I worked with. They are among the most talented individuals I've ever worked with and this portfolio would not be possible without their contribution. First and foremost: a huge thanks to the instructor of the class: Adam Forland, who set the tone for the class to operate as professionally and coherently as we did. He was highly inclusive and was like us, the students, in the fact that we were explorers. He provided the curriculum, introduced the projects, and always made himself available in class and outside of class to help us with whatever troubles or questions we had about the material. A thousand thanks to James Lawson, fellow classmate and IT technician at the college. James helped acted as one of the main caretakers to the machines which our environment was hosted on, more information about them will be conveyed at a later time. James was also responsible for importing a number of tools and programs that not only accelerated the effiency of our assignments but helped organize them in a way the rest of the class could understand the information presented. An expression of gratitude to Zerain Martinez, fellow classmate and head of DevOps for IT services. He helped devise the network architecture for the datalab as well as providing the means to utilize wi-fi based cameras for a neural net project.
